Add a task to create an initial version of vscode settings (#27329)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/dev/agent_dev_env.md

See `pre-commit run --help` for further options.

> ### Creating a VSCode settings file
> 
> To configure your IDE to work with datadog-agent repository you need to specify build tags in .vscode/settings. Please use the following invoke task to do it the first time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a Visual Studio Code settings file

To configure your IDE to work with `datadog-agent` repository, specify build tags in `.vscode/settings`. Run the following command to create the file:
```
